In the accompanying directory you will find a image sequence of a car driving on a country road from the 2014 Visual Object Tracking Challenge (http://www.votchallenge.net/vot2014/).  
There are many potentially interesting pieces of information in this video; perhaps the most obvious question was the subject of the VOT 2014 challenge:

0. Where is the vehicle in subsequent frames of the video given the location in the first frame?

But there are also other interesting questions that could be answered from this image sequence:

1. Where is the camera with respect to the road?
2. What is the shape of the road?
3. How fast is the car driving?  How much does its speed vary during the sequence?
4. What is the focal-length and intrinsic calibration parameters of the camera?
5. What is the pixel-level segmentation of the car in each frame?
6. How accurate of a 3-D model of the car can be recovered from this sequence?

Pick one or more questions that you find interesting (or make up your own question) and implement all or part of an automated solution for answering it from the image sequence.  If you feel like your skills are best suited to implementing a specific part of your intended solution, or supporting infrastrucure & tools needed for the solution, feel free to implement those and describe how they would be used in the overall solution. In your solution, you may use a combination of your own code and open source code (clearly attributed to the original source), but remember that one of the goals of this exercise is to evaluate your coding ability and practices so make sure that can be judged from your submission.  This exercise is not intended to take more than 8 hours, so try to size your plans so that you can finish in that time, and describe what you would do if you had more time.  If you choose to implement part of a larger solution, describe the other parts of the solution and how you would solve them.  Solutions in C/C++ or python that run under Linux are strongly preferred, and unit testing is encouraged.  

